[whimsical music playing]
[narrator] Once upon a time,
there was a pretty little girl.
Her grandmother loves her very much.
One day, she gave her
a riding hood made of red velvet.
Because it looked so good on her,
she wanted to wear it all the time.
Time passed by…
She came to be known
as Little Red Riding Hood.
[birds chirping]
[adventurous music playing]
[narrator] As the years passed,
Little Red Riding Hood grew up
and became
a very smart, very fine, young woman.
With great hope in her heart,
Little Red Riding Hood
decided to set out on an adventure.
[adventurous music continues]
ONCE UPON A CRIME
[clock-tower bell ringing]
I wonder if there's a town nearby.
-[snapping sound]
-Ouch! Hey! Ow!
Oof!
There are so many thorns everywhere.
This forest is beautiful,
but I've really got to stop doing that.
[woman cackles]
Haven't you ever heard the saying,
"Every rose has its thorn," dear?
[cackles]
Hey! Don't you dare walk away from me!
It's impressive
that you thought you could ignore me,
because I'm a witch, you know.
I said, "A witch!"
Don't you think that's cool?
[ominous music playing]
What can I do for you?
I'm going to Spenhagen.
Maybe you're going that way too.
[laughs]
Spenhagen, huh?
My goodness, that's an awfully long walk
from here. Isn't it now?
Yes, it is. So if you'll excuse me…
In those shabby shoes?
Walking anywhere in those ugly things
is gonna be way too hard.
You won't get far in them.
Listen. Why don't I use my magic
to turn them into a gorgeous pair--
-I'm good. Thank you.
-Hey! Now just wait a second, missy!
[panting]
Look at you! You can't even
outrun me in those ratty, old things!
-Let me help you--
-You're scaring me.
[laughing]
…with my… [panting]
…with my magic!
Maybe you should catch your breath.
-You need new shoes, little girl!
-Ah!
[panting]
-I can give you… [gags]
-[Red Riding Hood] Huh?
-[witch gags]
-[Red Riding Hood] Oh wow.
Um, ma'am, do you maybe need some help?
In this country,
beauty is the only thing that matters.
You see? I'm much more stylish
than your average witch.
Don't you think? Look.
You see that? Style.
You see? Huh? Huh?
I bet you think this staff is ugly, right?
[sighs]
That's 'cause it's an antique!
A kid like you can't appreciate its value.
You young people
don't know what's what these days.
If you say so.
Look,
I'm not trying
to make this all about me.
I just want to replace your shoes
with a new custom-made pair
fit for a queen.
Magical staff, transform
those wretched shoes
and make this plain, young woman
into someone beautiful.
I'm starting
to take this a bit personally.
Vinda Vanda
Vindaly!
[dramatic music playing]
[magical chimes tinkling]
[Red Riding Hood] Ugh.
Ew! Are they supposed to feel so squishy?
[birds chirping]
[groans] Some magic.
That was just rude, if you ask me.
Well, you know, I'm not bad
at most magical spells.
Except for, ugh… except for shoes. Ugh.
Shoes have always been difficult.
[Red Riding Hood] Then why don't you
stick to magic you're good at?
Hey, there, you missed a spot.
Just on the heel. See?
Oh.
And whose fault is that, now?
-[laughs]
-Oh! Oh!
Wait! Ah!
Hey! Ouch! Ugh!
Ugh! Ugh!
Oh.
[witch] Oh well.
There's always a silver lining, you know.
Those were
the slimiest, muddiest boots I ever saw.
[laughs]
[curious music playing]
[sighs]
[groans]
Oh, my boots.
Oh.
Ow! Eee! Ow, ow, ow, ow.
Ah, ouch, ouch, ouch! Ugh!
Sheesh!
Hey.
Those are my boots.
Ah.
I wondered who these belonged to.
[Red Riding Hood] Thank you.
My name's Little Red Riding Hood.
What's your name?
Cinderella.
[emotional music playing]
Oh.
I used to have a pet pigeon.
Unfortunately, it died.
Sorry. That's very sad.
[distorted whirring]
Hey, Cinderella.
Are you being bullied?
-Huh?
-Uh…
I know that we just met,
but I trust my instincts.
Is the person bullying you
your stepmother?
Or maybe it's Anne, your older stepsister?
How did you know that?
Well, those worn-out clothes,
they're hand-me-downs, aren't they?
The name Anne is written at the neck.
The fact that she took the trouble
to write out her name
means there must be
another sister in the house.
You have another sister too, right?
Looks like your stepmom
doesn't wanna give you any new clothing.
And the fact that you're not
complaining about that must mean
you don't wanna fight with her.
And then, there's your name.
My name?
They really call you Cinderella?
Cinders are ashes.
Your name means "covered in ashes."
The fact that even you call yourself that,
well, that must mean that everyone
in your house is bullying you.
You're good.
But that still doesn't explain
why everyone's treating you so horribly.
[crying]
[sniffles]
Crying won't fix anything, you know?
In this country,
the only thing that matters
is being beautiful.
And that's why the king's castle
on the hill
is the most beautiful place
in the whole world.
It's practically a crime
if you're not beautiful.
People who are ugly
or who are poor and dirty…
Stop! Get out of here!
[Cinderella]
…won't ever be taken seriously by anyone.
That's why they make me
wear clothes like this.
[goat bleats]
Cinderella!
Yes, Stepmother.
Does this teacup look right to you?
-Get some more tea right now!
-Of course.
[stepmother] My gosh.
Not only is she ugly,
but she's also lazy and slow.
I'm sorry.
Cinderella, I want the mirror.
I need it immediately.
[Cinderella] Yes.
Cinderella, go get some raspberries.
Looks like I'm running out of jam.
Um, Margot, dear sister,
would you mind if I…
-Huh?
-Uh?
Wait.
What?
[gasps] Oh my gosh, no.
Did you actually think that you'd
be able to come to the ball with us?
Well, I…
[stepmother blows raspberry]
[laughing]
Don't tell me
that's what you were thinking.
There's no way!
[laughing]
Listen, Cinderella.
Tonight's ball is special
because the prince
is going to be choosing his princess.
And it's going to be even more special
because my gorgeous daughter Anne
will surely be picked as princess.
[gasps] Now, stop that, Mother.
[chuckles]
But if the prince were to ever find out
that I have
such an ugly-looking stepsister,
then, I'll only be half as attractive.
Right.
That's no good.
Let's see.
I'll hire the very best hairdresser
to make you even more attractive
than you are now.
[gasps] Oh, that's so nice of you, Mother.
Mmm, I know.
[chuckling]
Wait, I've got an even better idea now.
-How wonderful, Mother. What is it?
-I was thinking of something…
Oh gosh, I dropped my scone. [groans]
No, stop! That's mine!
Let it go! Ugh! Go on!
Make that filthy thing get out of here.
Cinderella's friends
are so greedy and revolting.
Gross little pigeon!
Ugly things shouldn't be allowed
to exist in this country.
[Cinderella gasps]
-[gasps] Margot, please!
-Ah!
[Red Riding Hood] And that's how
your beloved pigeon ended up dead?
I guess I'm just unlucky.
It's been that way
from the first moment I was born,
because
the both of us,
me and my pigeon,
we just aren't beautiful.
Huh.
Even if you could go to the ball,
you've never even spoken
to the prince, have you?
Would you be happy to become
the wife of a complete stranger?
Yeah.
I'd be okay with him.
What? Wait, you like the guy?
I do.
Oh, yes, the prince
is a really great person, you know.
He treats everyone equally,
and it doesn't matter what you look like.
I saw him up close, one time.
But… I was speechless.
And so I just stared at him.
-Oh, and another thing--
-Another thing?
The prince has also been studying politics
since he was young,
and he's kind and handsome.
When he becomes the king of this land,
I know everything will get better.
And if I could marry
somebody as wonderful as he is,
well, I wouldn't ask for
anything more in my life.
All right then, we're going to the ball,
and I'll help you.
-It's impossible.
-Why?
I just…
I just have this one dress.
Wearing this hideous thing,
I won't get anywhere near the castle.
And my sister Margot threw away my shoes.
She threw away your shoes?
Well, that's just awful.
Where did all those cuts come from?
I got them when I was picking raspberries.
The bushes have thorns.
Whoa! Hey!
You seem to be in distress.
It's a good thing I showed up when I did.
-Oh, it's the witch. You're still here?
-Barbara's the name!
It looks like all I need to do
is get you dressed for the ball?
I don't think you can do that.
And I don't think
you should underestimate me.
I'm very good at this kind of thing.
Vinda
Vanda
Vin…
♪ …daly! ♪
[magical chimes tinkling]
Huh?
Wow!
So, huh?
What do you think?
It's like you're a different person.
Uh, uh, yeah, it's su… super cute!
Hey, Barbara, do your magic on me next.
Huh?
I'm going to the ball tonight too.
Now why would you do that?
Well, because I'm on a journey
to enrich my life.
And so I have to experience
many different things.
Oh, that's very calculating of you.
Sure, I'll help you.
Vinda Vanda
Vinda…
♪ …ly! ♪
[magical chimes tinkling]
[Red Riding Hood] Huh?
Ah! That's so cool!
I look like a princess now!
Huh?
[gasps]
Ah, so squishy!
Hey, Barbara, my boots are dirty again.
Yeah…
Yeah? What does that mean?
You know I can't go
to the ball in these shoes.
Huh? How are yours?
Oh.
Huh. Well,
I was barefoot to start with, so…
So what?
[scoffs]
Barbara, can't you do something for her?
Mmm… shoes just aren't my thing.
[woman laughs]
You haven't changed a bit, Auntie Barbara.
[magical chimes tinkle]
What's with all the witches today?
Hello there. Nice to meet you.
Well, if it isn't my niece Tekla.
Hello there.
Hello.
It's nice to meet you.
[chuckles]
It's nice to meet you too.
It's been awhile, Auntie Barbara!
[sighs]
I can't believe
you're still using that old staff.
With that outdated thing,
I'm pretty sure
the magic will wear off at midnight.
At midnight?
Magic isn't supposed to last forever.
Well, with my magic wand,
the magic lasts for 24 hours.
What do you say?
Want me to… change your slimy boots
into a pair of beautiful glass slippers?
Yes! Are you sure?
[giggles]
Of course I'm sure.
Just recently, I perfected the magical art
of forming glass into objects.
Cool. Let's do it, please!
Uh…
Oh.
Oh, your feet can't be bare.
You need to be wearing shoes to start with
so that I can swap them out.
-Hey, Barbara.
-[Barbara] Hmm?
You've got shoes on. I think
you should give them to Cinderella.
-I'm not doing that!
-I think you should.
Well, I don't think I should do that.
-Do it. Go ahead.
-[Barbara] No, I'm not gonna.
-Just do it. Just take them off.
-I'm not gonna. I don't wanna.
-[Red Riding Hood] Come on!
-Not gonna happen.
[magical chimes tinkling]
-[Red Riding Hood] Wow!
-[Cinderella] Wow!
Amazing! So impressive!
Okay, the magic will only last 24 hours.
And the slippers will only fit
the person who wears them first.
Nobody else's foot can ever fit into them,
so try not to mix them up.
Okay.
Huh?
What are you doing? Is that a pumpkin?
What a guess!
I don't think walking to the castle
is very stylish, do you?
[laughs]
[mice squeaking]
♪ Vinda Vanda Vindaly! ♪
[magical chimes tinkling]
Hello, everyone. Nice to meet you.
I'm Paul, the mouse.
I can tell you
anything you want about the castle,
from the wine cellars
all the way to the pantry
lined with delicious cheese.
I know everything.
Wow, we don't know anything
about the castle, so that's really great.
Yup.
Maybe this pumpkin
will transform into a carriage.
Oh.
And then, I could drive
the pumpkin carriage
and escort you ladies to the castle.
-How wonderful!
-Cool!
You know how to drive
even though you're a mouse?
-How did you get a license?
-Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
You don't need a license in this age,
so you don't have to worry.
Everything will go smoothly
thanks to the power of magic.
Vinda Vanda
♪ Vindaly! ♪
[magical chimes tinkling]
[clock-tower bell rings]
[adventurous music playing]
[laughing]
[clock-tower bell rings]
[Paul] I can't seem
to breathe through my nose.
[laughing]
[clock-tower bell rings]
Who would've thought
that I'd be able to go to the ball?
Red Riding Hood, thank you so much.
Don't mention it. I also always
wanted to go to a ball, and now I will.
[clock-tower bell rings]
Is that a bell?
[Cinderella] Mm-hmm.
The bell in the castle clock tower.
It chimes at every hour on the hour.
Now that you mention it,
when I was with Barbara,
I heard it ring four times.
Mm-hmm. It must be six o'clock right now.
It rang six times.
So that means we've got six hours
until the magic wears off.
-Whoa!
-What the…
[neighing]
Oh! I'm all right. [gasping]
-Oh gosh! Oh no!
-What happened?
Something jumped out in front of me!
Ah! Ah! Oh dear! Oh!
Ah! Ah! Oh boy! Oh! Oh!
This is bad! This is bad! This is bad!
[panting]
[Red Riding Hood]
Did you run something over?
Oh, goodness me, I don't know! Oh!
-Try to stop fretting for a second.
-Okay.
-Give me this.
Uh…
It can't be.
You know this person?
Yes.
That man's name is Hans. Mr. Hans.
The world's best hairdresser.
He cuts the king's hair.
They say that if he cuts your hair,
you go through
an incredible transformation.
Huh.
His hair is…
sort of charming in its own unique way.
-Oh.
-[Paul] Of course.
He's dead.
Oh no! What do we do?
Uh, don't… don't you think
we should inform the guards at the castle?
-I guess so, yes.
-Yeah.
This is all my fault.
I wanted to go to the ball
and I don't deserve it.
None of this is your fault.
That's right. I ran him over,
so it's my responsibility.
You're right.
Maybe a mouse
can't actually drive a carriage.
Yeah. You're right. You're right.
Okay, I'll confess to it. I…
I'll confess.
I can handle it. It's all right,
because when the clock strikes midnight,
I'll turn back into a mouse.
-Are you trying to act cool?
-Yes.
Without a carriage,
we won't make it in time.
I know! It's awful!
[distorted whirring]
Hey. Are you all right?
Little Red Riding Hood?
-Look at that.
-Huh?
What?
Look at how much mud
he's got on his heels. Why?
Well, since I'm just a little mouse,
I have no idea. [chuckles]
-Not helping.
-Right.
There's only one way to get
that much mud on your heels.
Huh?
The only way he got that muddy,
is if somebody picked him up
and dragged him along.
W… w… wait, what are you saying?
I'm saying that Mr. Hans
wasn't killed by our carriage,
because he was already dead.
-[gasps]
What should we do, Cinderella?
We could report this
and tell the authorities what happened.
But then, if we do that,
they'll probably interrogate us,
preventing us from going to the ball.
Cinderella, I would find it deeply unfair
if you weren't able to make it to the ball
when you've done nothing wrong.
But then, what do we do?
[mysterious music playing]
[evil music playing]
Good, good. Very good.
Uh, Little Red?
You're looking pretty evil right now.
[laughs]
This is how you get away
with the perfect crime.
-Wait a second.
-Huh?
I'm only doing this
because I have no choice.
Right.
I don't get it.
Who could do such a thing to him?
I'm not sure.
No one could've known when our carriage
was going to pass through here,
so maybe we'll never find out.
Oh no.
One thing's for sure.
You weren't the reason that Mr. Hans died.
And on top of that, our carriage
is going to disappear at midnight,
which means there won't be anything
connecting us to Mr. Hans's body.
Paul,
can I ask a favor?
Sure.
[clock-tower bell rings]
-[clock-tower bell rings]
-[Paul] Here we are. We've arrived.
Thank you.
No! Stop! We can't let someone
as revolting as you inside. Go home!
Good evening.
Oh!
You're so beautiful!
Uh, please go right up. You're welcome.
Ah.
Hey! Hey! hey! I said no!
You're unattractive, so you need to leave.
Go on!
[ballroom dance music playing]
[ballroom dance music continues]
So gorgeous!
-Red Riding Hood,
-Hmm?
Do I look strange to you?
I feel like everyone is staring at me.
-Sure, they're staring at you.
-What?
You're so beautiful
that people can't stop staring at you.
Well, that can't be true.
[gasps]
Cinderella?
My stepmother and sister Anne.
Those two over there?
-Ha.
-Where's Margot?
Mother, where is she?
Mmm?
[chuckles]
[gasps] I don't see her.
And she left way earlier than we did.
Ugh, not again.
She probably
stopped somewhere for a snack.
Oh.
Mother, tell me,
do you really like my new haircut?
Anne!
I simply adore your new haircut,
because Mr. Hans did it.
And you know, I never would have guessed
that the prince prefers
women with short hair!
[laughs]
Only the royal hairdresser would ever know
such details about the prince.
[sighs]
[chuckles]
I'm so glad you forced yourself to do it.
-Aren't you?
-Of course I am.
-[stepmother] Hmm?
-Mm-hmm.
-I'm just not that used to it yet.
Ah.
Tell me what happened
with you-know-who.
I can't hear anything.
This music is way too loud.
[gasps] What will I do if they see me?
I wouldn't worry.
No one is going
to recognize you like this.
-You look completely different.
-Are you sure?
Mm-hmm.
-[fanfare playing]
-[doors open]
From the Kingdom of Clair de Lune,
King Bovell.
[trumpets playing]
From the Kingdom of Clair de Lune,
Prince Gilbert.
He really knows how to pull off
a red jacket and white pants.
Typical for the prince.
He looks good in anything.
Wearing that would make
most people look like a lion tamer.
Well, he doesn't.
The prince doesn't look like a lion tamer.
My loyal subjects,
welcome to our beautiful castle
and to tonight's celebration.
This ball serves a dual function.
We will not only enjoy ourselves tonight,
but the prince will also select
a beautiful princess to wed.
If any of you beautiful maidens
are approached by the prince,
you mustn't hesitate to dance with him.
[overlapping chatter]
Now dear prince,
I'd like you to choose your partner.
-Please, Father, will you try to--
-Choose, son.
Forget about that selfish woman
who just disappeared.
Yes, Your Majesty.
Oh, he looked at me. Will I be okay?
Don't worry. You'll be fine.
Ah. Ah. Oh, I'm just… I'm so nervous.
Ah! Ah! Ah! I'm…
[muttering]
[stepmother laughs]
I'm… pleased to… meet you, Your Majesty.
[whirring]
[gasps]
Would you like to dance with me?
[chuckles]
Of course.
[guests murmuring]
You go, girl.
[magical music playing]
[ballroom dance music playing]
Thank you.
Huh? For what?
You're beautiful, and I appreciate it.
No, I'm really not.
It's almost time to move on.
Hmm?
Glass slippers?
It looks like
Tekla's been practicing quite a lot.
Your Majesty, Your Majesty!
Your Majesty! Excuse me!
What is the meaning of this commotion?
[man] Forgive me, Your Majesty.
Thank you for that.
Attention, everyone!
I'm sorry,
but I must end the ball.
[guests murmuring]
In the woods, earlier this evening,
a body was discovered.
It is the corpse of Mr. Hans,
my loyal hairdresser.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Bovell] The body was covered up
with leaves and dirt,
which means that someone
deliberately tried to hide the evidence.
There was a hoof-mark on his forehead.
There was also a mark on the back
of his neck, where something struck him.
We think he was hit by a carriage
on his way to the castle
and that he must have died by hitting
his head on a rock on the ground,
which means his killer
is somewhere here among us.
[guests murmuring]
[Bovell] Hans had the unparalleled gift
of making people in this country
look absolutely beautiful.
He was a treasure,
and this crime cannot go unpunished.
The investigation will begin now.
Firstly, every single carriage
that came to the ball will be examined.
If we find blood on one of the carriages,
then we'll know who the murderer is.
No one leaves the castle
until every carriage has been searched.
Lord Chamberlain,
make sure the murderer is found.
Yes, Your Highness.
What do we do?
We've got to do something.
Otherwise, we'll be caught.
Don't worry about it.
Paul is taking care of the carriage.
What?
Huh? Paul's over there!
Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, nope.
Mmm, mmm, mmm.
Oh, uh, hello, ladies.
What can I do for you?
Paul, you know the thing
I asked you to do before?
Before?
Oh, the blood on the carriage thing?
Yes, I made sure it was all washed off.
-What?
-Mm-hmm.
Oh, don't you worry.
None of the soldiers
noticed anything out of the ordinary.
And I'm a very meticulous cleaner.
Aw, you're
such a wonderful little mousey!
[chuckles]
Great work, Paul.
Did the guards just let you in?
Ah, here's the thing.
Under the castle,
there are secret passageways
that only mice know about.
The castle has an excellent collection
of wine and special cheeses.
So, because we're mice,
we always use the secret passages.
anytime we want to have a feast.
It's just so irresistible,
the cheese, the wine.
Cheese, wine, cheese… What?
No! I haven't had any wine,
because I still have
to drive the carriage.
It's not a good idea
to run someone over and start drinking.
-Sh! Sh! Sh! Sh! Sh! Sh! Sh! Sh!
-Sh! Sh! Sh! Sh! Sh! Sh! Sh! Sh?
-Stop.
-Stop?
-Stop. Stop. Stop. Don't--
-Right.
-Don't talk about running someone down.
-Huh?
-It's a pretty hot topic right now.
-[gasps]
[gasps]
Ah, okay. I don't think they heard me.
Sorry. I will just stick to cheese today.
-[footsteps approaching]
-[Cinderella gasps]
[Chamberlain] Your Majesty,
I've just been informed
that pieces of cheese were found
around Mr. Hans's body.
So our killer was eating cheese
when they killed Mr. Hans,
which means that our culprit
must be mad for cheese.
Search for all the cheese lovers
in the land.
[Chamberlain] Yes, Your Majesty.
It wasn't me.
And anyway,
I only started eating this cheese here,
once I got to the castle.
I think we should leave.
We can escape using the passages.
Cinderella, if we go right now,
then everyone here is going to suspect us.
What if they start chasing us
and catch us?
You're right.
I'm gonna scurry
through the underground passage
and make sure the carriage is okay.
No! No more wine!
Oh, yeah, sure.
[man] This one's clean.
You can release it.
-[man 2] It's a very unusual carriage.
-There's no blood on it.
[clock-tower bell rings]
Eleven o'clock.
The magic is going to wear off in an hour.
If we don't do something,
our spell will break in front of everyone.
Let's wait until the last minute,
and then we'll sneak out
through the passage.
Reporting back, Your Highness.
We examined every single carriage,
but we found no trace of blood
on any of them.
Hmm. So then, that means the killer
isn't here among the guests after all.
No.
What's more,
the doctor examined Mr. Hans's body
and concluded from the blood clotting
that the wound on the back of his head
had been inflicted earlier
than the wound on his forehead.
Which means that Hans must already have
been dead before the carriage hit him.
[mysterious music playing]
[man] Look!
[Chamberlain] The soldiers
who investigated Mr. Hans's house
found a whetstone with blood on it.
We're certain
that the murder occurred at his house.
His presumed time of death
is sometime between
one and three o'clock this afternoon.
Hmm.
Does that mean…
mean that the carriage was a…
Yes, we think it was a tactic.
A ruse to confuse any investigation.
That's exactly what I expected.
Mmm.
The soldiers found some strange things
when they searched Mr. Hans's house.
Things like what?
Bring them in!
[man] Sir!
[Bovell] A lock of hair?
Hmm. Are there
many more locks of hair in that bag?
Yes, your Highness, there are.
And apparently, this is only
a very small sample of them.
Your Majesty, may I offer you
a theory I've come up with?
-Proceed with it.
-Very well. [clears throat]
The despicable killer is here among us!
Isn't that exactly what I said before?
Remember? I said that.
Little Red,
that's my sister Anne's ribbon.
So that hair belongs to…
[Cinderella] Yes, Anne was always proud
of her long, beautiful hair.
And why was this beautiful lock of hair
cut off of its owner?
Because sometimes even the best among us
are still fallible humans.
In other words,
Hans sometimes made mistakes too.
This is all hair that Hans cut off
by accident during some of his sessions.
And if that's the case,
all of these women who had
their long hair cut off accidentally
must've resented Mr. Hans quite a lot.
[Bovell] Hmm?
So then, you mean to say that
a woman with short hair is the killer?
Exactly, Your Highness!
[guests murmuring]
[suspenseful music playing]
You five.
Now, let me ask you.
Do any of these locks belong to you?
It seems a bit strange.
Yes, I see. That's right.
Just as I thought.
Hans accidentally cut off
each one of your ponytails.
So… wait.
Have we found the killer yet?
Well, the killer
is among these five.
[indistinct whispering]
[Red Riding Hood]
Can I say something, please?
Hmm?
I've never seen you around here.
They call me Little Red Riding Hood.
But I'm just a traveler, Your Majesty.
Is that so? Well, then,
"just a traveler," what's up?
I'm very sorry to say this,
but Lord Chamberlain's theory
is incorrect, I'm afraid.
Wh… What?!
[scoffs] Well,
that's very disrespectful, traveler!
Just, calm down, man.
Why do you say that?
His theory made some sense to me.
It's quite simple.
There's something
very strange about this hair.
[Bovell] Hmm?
All of these locks of hair
have pretty ribbons on them.
[Bovell] What's odd about that?
I'll tell you.
I think most people remove their ribbons
before a haircut, right?
Ah!
So this hair wasn't cut off
accidentally at all.
It must've been cut off
when the women were already dressed up.
That's right.
But then, why did Hans do this?
Well,
only the person whose hair
was cut off can answer that.
Can you please give us some details
on your haircut, Miss Anne,
if you don't mind?
Around ten o'clock this morning,
I made my way to Mr. Hans's place
to have my hair done.
It was my dream to have my hair done
by the famous Mr. Hans.
He was the royal hairdresser, after all,
so I was very excited to have it done.
[Hans] Just trust me.
The prince simply loves
women with short hair.
So I'll make sure that you're
exactly the prince's type, huh?
[laughing]
So
I knew my mother had pulled
a lot of strings to make it happen for me
and that it also cost a lot of money,
which made me think carefully.
But…
but I couldn't.
I just couldn't bear cutting off my hair.
Do you want to be a princess
or do you just want to be
a beautiful woman
who has long hair?
You're going to have
to make a decision, you know.
[Anne] Mr. Hans became very intense.
-[gasps]
-[Hans grunts]
And then he suddenly
just cut my hair right off.
[sighs]
[stepmother] Oh!
Oh, my poor sweet Anne. Oh.
Your Highness, so it is true that you
prefer women with shorter hair, right?
[chuckles]
Only you will be able to comfort
my poor, sweet daughter
who has lost her… [sighs]
…her long, gorgeous hair.
Isn't that right?
My daughter is the kind of girl
who would do anything for her prince.
Your Highness, to wed as your princess,
how about my daughter Anne, hmm?
[chuckles]
I believe Anne would be
the best choice for you. Yes?
Your Royal Highness,
I also cut my hair short
because Mr. Hans told me
you liked women with short hair.
Your Royal Highness,
if you like short hair,
I think you should look at me!
-No, my hair is much nicer!
-Anne's hair is the nicest.
-[girl] Old people don't know what's in!
-You!
Your Royal Highness, since you
like women with short hair, look at me!
Shut up, all you babbling idiots!
Now, Anne is the only person in this room
who can pull off having short hair,
unlike any of you.
[overlapping arguing]
Son, is it true that you only like
women with short hair?
That's news to me, you know.
Well, Father…
I've heard things about Hans.
Unsavory rumors
were floating around about him.
You ignored my question about short hair!
What do you mean unsavory rumors?
That man was a most excellent hairdresser.
However,
apparently, he envied women
who weren't his customers
but had beautiful hair.
Why did he envy them?
It would seem he simply couldn't accept
the existence of long, beautiful hair
that he didn't style himself.
And whenever
he would come across a woman
with very beautiful, long hair,
I heard that he would cut it all off
forcefully, against their will.
That is so bizarre.
If that's true…
Do you know what it means,
Detective Riding Hood?
[Anne] Uh, well,
I accidentally overheard something.
[Bovell] Mm-hmm?
Coincidentally, one of my mother's cousins
works as a maid here at the castle.
And so today, she was able to sneak us
into the castle a little after noon.
You snuck into the castle?
What were you two scheming?
Oh, we weren't scheming at all!
All I wanted was… was to meet the prince
and just ask him to invite
me to dance with him later.
So, Your Highness,
did you see Anne and her mother?
No. I'm quite certain this is the very
first time that I've ever met her.
-[Anne] Uh…
-Would you care to elaborate?
I only got as far as his room
and just outside the door.
But I…
I wasn't able to…
to go inside and see him.
Why was that?
Because I…
I…
overheard something.
[humming]
Ah. [clears throat]
Ma, ma. Mmm.
Hmm. Ma. Ma. Hmm.
Mah, mah.
-May I come in?
-[Gilbert] I'll never forgive you, Hans!
[Hans] Now, now, do calm down,
Your Highness.
[Gilbert] Do you even understand
what you've done?
[ominous music playing]
Oh, my…
Oh, but…
Um, um… uh, um…
I can't believe it.
The two of them seemed to be arguing.
The prince,
well, he sounded particularly angry.
So, Your Highness,
is Anne telling us the truth or not?
Yes, she's right.
W… w… wait a second now.
What does this all mean?
My brain is getting all scrambly…
scrambled… scramb…
Just past noon today, Hans showed up
and demanded to see me in my room.
[Hans] I see you've got a new outfit.
That's going to look great on you.
Oops! I'm so very sorry.
[mysterious music playing]
Hans,
where did you…
where did you get this hair?
[chuckles]
That's none of your concern, Your Majesty.
I knew those rumors were real.
I'll never forgive you, Hans!
[Hans] Now, now,
do calm down, Your Highness.
I won't!
Do you even understand what you've done?
[sighs]
I could say the same thing about you!
What?
I know that you have
some secrets of your own.
I was a witness.
I think it was maybe a year ago.
Hans blackmailed you this whole time?
[Gilbert] Yes.
Father, I apologize.
I'll confess.
Last year, when they found
your crown in the trash,
I'm the one who did it.
[sighs]
You're the one who threw
my crown in the trash?
That's a pretty big crime, you know.
Yeah.
[Bovell] Son,
why would you do that?
Was it…
Yes, it's exactly what you thought.
[sighs]
I thought I made myself very clear
about you and that servant girl.
I told you that I would find you
someone even more pretty.
That was the whole reason
that I threw you this ball.
I know that.
But I was so angry with you.
I couldn't get over the fact that you…
you tried to stand in the way
of my great love with her.
[birds chirping]
[tranquil music playing]
Remi.
[chimes tinkle]
[sighs] I can't do this.
I'm sorry, Your Highness,
but I'm not beautiful enough
to be with someone like you.
But you don't need
to worry about that, Remi.
I know you're worried
about being a servant,
but I'm going to convince my father.
Are you sure about this?
Remi…
I'm telling you
you're more beautiful
than anyone in the world.
But then, shortly after I spoke
to the king about her,
Remi suddenly disappeared.
And I think Remi disappeared because…
because you didn't approve of her!
I already told you
I didn't disapprove of her!
[sighs]
It was a misunderstanding between us, son.
Remi decided to run away,
and I had nothing to do with it.
[emotional music playing]
[Chamberlain] Your Highness.
[grunts]
You'll never understand my feelings.
Never!
You'll never know
just how much I loved her, Father!
[sighs]
[Red Riding Hood] Pardon me.
Mind if I interrupt?
You know, your timing
is always a little bit off.
The way you butt in sometimes,
well, it makes things a bit hard.
Anyone ever explain timing to you?
I just wanted to move the story along.
Your Highness, is that okay with you?
[sighs]
So after that,
did Mr. Hans leave straightaway?
[mysterious music playing]
[Hans] Without a crown
to place on the king's head,
it was quite a challenge for me
to make him look good.
It's a bit hard to make a king
look dignified when he has no crown!
[chuckles]
But it wasn't a problem
once I figured out what you had done.
You know what I'd love?
If you gave me
your lovely handheld mirror as a gift.
You can deliver it to my house later
to make up for what you've done.
Why don't we say
around five o'clock this evening?
[Gilbert] I had no choice.
The royal mirror was
the only thing he'd accept.
Don't tell me that you gave Mr. Hans
a royal-family heirloom?
[knock on door]
[man] I beg your pardon.
Your Highness, I've come
to pick up the item for Mr. Hans.
[sighs]
[Gilbert] In the end, I couldn't
bring myself to have it delivered to him.
I looked at my reflection
and I realized something.
Even though I'd heard
the rumors about Hans,
I'd almost succumbed to his threats
and hadn't tried to stop him.
And that made me feel ashamed.
My son,
please don't tell me that,
in order to keep this blackmail a secret,
you murdered Mr. Hans instead.
No, of course not, Father.
I swear I didn't kill him.
Tonight, after this ball was over,
I was going to confess
that I threw away your crown.
Unfortunately, my son,
there isn't anyone…
who can help you prove that.
I didn't do it. You have to believe that.
[Bovell] You've got
to explain several things.
For example, why you weren't
at the dance rehearsal.
I wanted to see
how your waltz was progressing.
But you weren't in your room.
Then I looked for you all over the castle.
I wanted…
Well, I just wanted to be alone,
so I went out for a walk by myself.
That sounds like a convenient excuse, son.
Prince Gilbert, around what time
did you go for your walk?
From one o'clock to three o'clock.
[gasps] Detective Riding Hood,
that's the same time that the doctor
believes Mr. Hans was killed.
No, that's just a coincidence.
Prince Gilbert,
did you see anyone during your walk?
No, no one.
I always walk to a hill
where nobody is around.
Which means the prince has
a motive to commit murder,
and no… alibi, right?
[sighs]
[Bovell] My son,
your sense of justice has been strong
since you were a child.
Did your strong sense of justice
work against you this time around?
Of course not.
Father, you're not
accusing me of murdering him, are you?
It wasn't me.
I wasn't the one that killed Mr. Hans!
[breathes deeply]
Would you seize the prince?
[sighs] No, Father!
[guest murmuring]
Take him away.
Your Highness,
I believe you're telling the truth.
I know that you
couldn't possibly have killed Mr. Hans.
Thank you.
Prince Gilbert…
Red Riding Hood, there's no way
the prince could have killed him.
Please, do something.
I want to,
but there's circumstantial evidence.
[sighs]
What's that?
Looks like a…
[Cinderella] A thorn?
[guests clamoring]
[man] What is she doing here?
The prince couldn't have killed anyone.
Hey! You don't have permission to be here!
Get out right now!
Please wait a minute!
[sighs]
Just now you said that the prince couldn't
have killed anyone, is that right?
Yes.
Why did you say that?
Earlier this afternoon,
the prince was sitting on a hilltop
between the hours
of one o'clock and three o'clock.
Is that so?
In the woods,
there's a little cave that I sleep in.
And that's where I was
when I saw the prince.
Are you sure?
Yes.
His red jacket and white pants
looked beautiful against the green hill.
If that's the truth, mystery woman,
then the prince would have
a… a solid alibi.
Looks like the tables have turned!
-[gasps]
-The king's fatherly instincts kicked in.
I'm so relieved.
Your Majesty!
-I hope you'll be very careful.
-Why's that?
Well, just look at her.
What a wretched, ugly thing she is.
She's just a lowly beggar.
She's probably lying
just to get some attention from you.
I certainly wouldn't trust her.
[guests clamoring]
-Go on.
-Yes, sir.
[overlapping chatter]
Ridiculous.
May I say something, please?
[guest quiet down]
I find it baffling that you people
refuse to believe in your very own prince.
Are you saying that you believe
that the mystery woman
is telling the truth?
Yes.
But she looks very…
Please don't tell me you think
she's lying because she's ugly.
That logic wouldn't stand up in court.
But she's just a lowly person.
There's no guarantee
that she's telling the truth.
Maybe she just wants money or attention.
You seem very suspicious of her.
The prince's new outfit,
was it custom-made
especially for tonight's ball?
Yes, that's correct.
And can you tell me what this is?
I found it on the floor
where the prince was being intercepted.
-What is that?
-It's a thorn, Your Highness.
Just think about where the thorns are.
Ow! Ouch!
[sighs]
Thorns like these grow in the woods
near the hill where the prince was.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Red Riding Hood] Think about it.
When could a thorn
have gotten on his clothes
if he wore them
for the first time today?
There's only one explanation for it,
which is that this afternoon,
the prince walked over to the green hill.
Incredible logic, Detective Riding Hood.
So that means
the prince's story checks out?
You are correct.
Your Majesty!
-Go and bring the prince back here.
-Right away.
-Go on!
-[man] Yes, sir.
[sighs]
What made you change your mind?
My son,
because your alibi has been
corroborated by a credible witness,
you are now free to go.
[guests murmuring]
Everyone,
I'm sorry to have kept you here
for so long.
You are all dismissed. You can go.
[guests murmuring]
[clock-tower bell rings]
[suspenseful music playing]
-Cinderella, let's go.
-[Cinderella] Huh?
Excuse me, please.
Oh, please wait!
Wait, Prince.
Please look at my lovely Anne!
Look at her voluptuous bod!
Oh, Your Highness,
don't you just love my short hair?
I would do anything at all to be with you.
Anything… you want.
-Stop!
-Your Highness!
-[clock-tower bell rings]
-Uh…
I haven't given up yet!
And we still really like you!
[clock-tower bell rings]
The clock is almost done chiming! Faster!
Ah!
[grunts]
-[clock-tower bell rings]
-Cinderella, hurry!
Okay.
[grunts]
-Please wait!
-[clock-tower bell rings]
Prince Gilbert, I'm sorry!
I have to leave right now.
Wait a minute! Just tell me your name!
I'm sorry! I can't!
We're heading off now!
-Yah!
-[horse neighs]
[clock-tower bell rings]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Paul] Yah!
-[clock-tower bell rings]
-Just go as far as you can!
Hang in there, Paul!
The next chime is the final one!
Ah!
[clock-tower bell rings]
Oh, I'm gonna miss being a human.
-[magical chimes tinkling]
-Whoa!
-[boing noise]
Whoa!
[both screaming]
[mice squeaking]
[both grunting]
Well, I guess
the magic wore off.
[Red Riding Hood sighs]
[Cinderella] We made it.
This is where I live.
[Red Riding Hood] Oh.
[Cinderella]
You can stay as long as you want.
[Red Riding Hood sighs]
Thank you. I appreciate it.
[Cinderella] Of course.
-Red Riding Hood?
-Hmm?
It's this way.
Oh.
Oh, it stinks in here!
[uplifting music playing]
[Chamberlain] This way! Stay close behind!
[men] Yes, sir!
[mysterious music playing]
[rustling]
What?
Is someone there?
[mysterious music continues]
-[Margot] Ah!
-[Red Riding Hood] Whoa! Ow!
-[Margot] Ow!
-Huh?
Hey! Who in the world are you?
Right back at you!
Oh, my name is Margot.
-Margot?
-[Margot sighs]
You're Cinderella's other sister.
Huh? You know Cinderella?
Oh, actually,
I don't care about her at all.
Will you just help me?
Those soldiers are chasing me.
What? Why? What did you do?
Uh,
well, I…
[breathing shakily]
I killed Mr. Hans, the hairdresser!
[suspenseful music playing]
She won't have gotten very far! Fan out!
[men] Yes, sir!
Mmm.
This scone is absolutely delicious
with raspberry jam!
How can you eat in a situation like this?
Hans sent me a personalized letter.
He said he wanted
to cut my hair specially,
just in time for the ball.
It said, "Meet me at my house
at four o'clock. Hans."
-[knock on door]
-[Margot] Mr. Hans!
It's me, Margot.
I'm coming in.
I was so happy to get your invitation.
Hmm?
-[thud]
-[Margot gasps]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Margot] After I got hit,
I started feeling woozy,
but when I tried to turn around…
[Margot] Ow!
Is that blood? Wha… What's happening?
…something hit me again
from behind.
You couldn't see the attacker?
-Let me look.
-What?
Ah. Ah, ah, ah.
-Ow.
-It's true.
[Margot] Ow.
Looks like someone hit you twice.
When I woke up,
my head was really hurting.
[grunts]
[winces]
Oh. [groans]
[Margot] Then, I looked up,
and in front of me…
Huh?
[Margot] As soon as I saw Mr. Hans,
I knew that he was dead.
But then, I noticed something in my hand.
[screams]
[Red Riding Hood] Hang on.
So you can't actually remember
whether you killed him or not?
Right.
But it seems as though
I'm the only one who could've done it.
[sobs]
You've gotta calm down. Do you think
you can remember anything else?
Uh,
uh,
well…
Oh, yeah.
[grunts]
I saw my sister Anne's hair
on Mr. Hans's desk.
Anne loved her long hair so much
and would never have let
anyone cut it off.
What did you do?
Well, I'd heard
some rumors about Mr. Hans.
And one of them
was that he was cutting off
girls' long, beautiful hair
against their will
and keeping it for himself.
I thought it was a lie someone
was spreading because they were jealous.
And then, I realized something.
I thought that Hans probably cut off
Anne's hair against her will!
And that must have gotten me so mad
that I murdered Mr. Hans!
[gasps] Oh, oh,
that must be what happened!
Ah!
Just try to calm down.
And then what did you do
after that, Margot?
I wanted to try to cover it all up.
[curious music playing]
[Margot] I put Mr. Hans in a cart.
And then hid in the forest by the road
until I saw a carriage come by.
[gasps]
Making it seem like
the carriage accidentally run him over?
That's right.
Eventually, a really
strange-looking carriage came along.
-[thud]
-[horses neigh]
I rolled him down the hill and ran
as fast as I could when it hit him.
What happened next?
Well, I mean, I was supposed
to go to the ball, but
I just didn't really wanna go after that.
I kept thinking about what might happen
if someone found out.
Ow! [groans]
But I didn't feel like going home either,
so I just wandered around the woods.
Then one of the guards
saw me wandering around.
[Chamberlain] There they are!
[men] Get them!
[Margot] What?
No! No! Help me!
[whimpers]
There! You've been looking for Margot.
She just confessed
to the murder of Mr. Hans. Take her away.
Huh? Is this a joke?
You said you were gonna help me out.
I never said anything of the sort.
Huh?
I just can't believe you.
Answer me! Oh, you're such a meanie! No!
-[magical tinkle]
-[Margot] Let me go! Ah!
[yelling]
Detective Little Red Riding Hood!
[chuckles] Am I ever glad to see you.
I'm quite impressed that you managed
to get a confession out of her.
I'm going to go report
this good news to the king. [chuckles]
-She isn't the murderer, Lord Chamberlain.
-Huh?
She needed to learn a lesson,
because she's a big bully.
Oh.
-Lord Chamberlain
-Yes?
I have some information.
I wondered if we could go
to Mr. Hans's house.
Oh, sure. I would be honored
to take you there.
[suspenseful music playing]
I don't think this is Mr. Hans's blood.
No, we believe these blood stains
are more than a year old.
Hans's bleeding was internal.
His injury couldn't have produced
this much blood.
[clock-tower bell rings]
[distorted whirring]
-[boing noises]
-It all makes sense now.
-Lord Chamberlain.
-Yes?
Could you please help me
with something else?
With pleasure, Detective Riding Hood.
-[chickens clucking]
-[goat bleats]
-[birds chirping]
-[rooster crows]
[sighs]
Prince Gilbert.
The prince is looking for the woman
to whom this glass slipper belongs.
Now, we know that this glass slipper
will only fit upon the foot of its owner.
Servant, what is your name?
Cinderella, sir. That's my name.
Cinderella, will you try this on, please?
Yes. I'll try it on if you wish.
[emotional music playing]
Oh my!
Oh my goodness!
-It's a perfect fit!
-[sighs]
-So it is.
[Gilbert] I found you.
You can seize her now.
-[men] Yes, sir!
-Huh?
What? What is this?
Red Riding Hood, you can vouch for me!
I'm innocent! Tell them!
Hey, Cinderella.
Huh?
I have a question for you.
Why are your feet covered in so many cuts?
I told you. You remember, don't you?
These cuts are from picking raspberries
in the woods, because of all the thorns.
Cinderella, what happened to your shoes?
I told you. Margot took them and I--
Hey, Cinderella.
How is it that you're such a good liar,
but your plan is so sloppy?
Margot didn't kill Mr. Hans.
It was you.
You know that's not true.
I had a feeling
you weren't telling the truth
from the first moment I met you.
And that's why I decided
to go along to the ball too.
What?
[Red Riding Hood]
The first strange thing you said
was when you told me
that Margot threw your shoes away.
And you thought
I wasn't telling the truth?
Margot, your sister,
loves raspberry jam, doesn't she?
If she had thrown your shoes away,
then you couldn't have picked raspberries
in the forest filled with thorns.
I was being bullied by her though.
If you think I'm the killer,
I would've had to have a… a motive, right?
I didn't have any reason
to want to kill Mr. Hans.
Your motive was
that you wanted to become beautiful.
[birds chirping]
Do you want to become beautiful?
Huh?
[Red Riding Hood] I think
Mr. Hans could see your natural beauty.
And then he started obsessing
about cutting off your hair.
You do know who I am, don't you?
Of course, how could you not?
Royal hairdresser.
Hair-obsessed.
Beauty's the game.
Hans is my name.
I'm responsible
for cutting the king's hair.
Right? You've heard of me, right?
Why don't you come to my place?
I'll give you a special cut.
Just for you.
You'd like that, wouldn't you?
[Red Riding Hood]
That must have made you feel good
since everyone was always bullying you
and making you feel ugly.
So having a famous hairdresser
suddenly offer
to make you beautiful
must've been exciting, right?
But then,
the situation became clear to you.
-No! What are you doing?
-[Hans grunts]
[Hans sighs]
Your hair will become beautiful.
In this country, hair that is
more beautiful than what I create
simply should not exist!
-[grunts]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Red Riding Hood] You killed Mr. Hans.
Then you tried to blame everything
on your sister Margot.
I WILL CUT YOUR HAIR FOR THE UPCOMING BALL
[Red Riding Hood]
Pretending to be Mr. Hans,
you wrote a letter inviting Margot over.
And when she arrived at Mr. Hans's house,
you knocked her out and left her there
knowing the prince's messenger
would find her at five o'clock.
And that was supposed to be the end of it.
Except,
then, Cinderella, you made one mistake.
[Margot] I'm coming in.
I was so happy to get your invitation.
[Margot grunts]
[dramatic violin music playing]
[Red Riding Hood] You had failed
to knock Margot out,
but the whetstone was too far away,
so you made a quick decision.
-[grunts]
-[Margot grunts]
[Red Riding Hood] The impact of it
broke the heel on your glass slipper.
And here's the piece from that slipper.
It was hidden in the folds
of Margot's dress.
I guess that you didn't notice
when this piece of glass
came off your slipper,
because you were too busy
knocking your sister out cold.
And after that, all you had to do was
wait for the messenger to get there
and find them both.
Margot would become the suspect,
and you would be able
to walk away from it without a trace.
However, there was no way
for you to know
that the prince changed his mind.
The messenger never showed,
and Margot wasn't discovered at the house.
That's all just… just speculation.
And also, if the glass is
from the killer's slipper,
then, wait a second.
See? Not chipped. And these glass slippers
obviously belong to me.
So that's proof. There's no way
that I could've murdered him.
Yes, that is true. This piece
doesn't belong
to that pair of slippers.
There you go.
So that proves it.
These slippers can only fit
the first person that wears them.
That piece of glass
doesn't belong to these shoes.
There were so many people at the ball
with glass slippers thanks to Tekla.
Someone else must've done it.
I'm sorry. It can't be anyone but you.
It isn't true, but if you're gonna
keep accusing me, then where's the proof?
If you like, Cinderella,
let's talk about the glass slipper
that's on your left foot.
I know you left one shoe
on the castle stairs last night.
-But it wasn't that one.
-What?
The one you're wearing right now…
was buried in the earth,
inside the grave of your beloved pigeon.
You had two pairs of glass slippers.
The left glass slipper,
the one that you accidentally left behind
at the castle last night
is over there.
The right-side shoe that pairs
with the glass slipper
you are currently wearing…
Is right here.
We found this buried
in the pigeon's grave.
[Red Riding Hood] Lord Chamberlain,
please take this piece of glass.
It fits perfectly, Detective.
[Red Riding Hood]
When I first met you, you were barefoot.
But not because Margot
had taken away your shoes.
You hit Margot with a shoe from a pair
that Tekla
had already transformed for you.
But the heel broke,
so then you had to bury them…
which means that yesterday,
you actually met Tekla twice
and received two pairs of slippers.
I was there the second time you saw her.
The first time must've been
after you killed Hans
and after you delivered
the letter to Margot.
That must be it, right, Tekla?
[Tekla] That's exactly right.
-[magical chimes tinkle]
-Whoa! What the heck?
[laughing]
Oh, I get it now.
You were also Cinderella.
As Red Riding Hood just stated,
I did change her shoes
into a pair of glass slippers.
And do you remember what time it was?
I think it was around three o'clock.
The castle bell rang. Uh, uh…
It rang three times.
I think you must be confused.
Yesterday, I met you with Red Riding Hood,
and you said, "It's nice to meet you too."
If it was the second time,
then why didn't you say so?
You really want me to explain that to you?
Well, I don't know.
Hey, Barbara?
Mm-hmm! Mmm!
The second time
that you two met each other,
you looked like
somebody completely different,
thanks to my magic.
It's totally understandable that Tekla
thought you were a different person.
[scoffs]
Thanks for being witnesses,
Tekla and Barbara.
Wait, that's all you wanted from me?
Is that… is that it?
Mm-hmm. We're glad we could help.
Now, we'll say goodbye!
[magical chimes tinkle]
[mysterious music playing]
Shall we continue?
If I had asked you directly
to try these glass slippers on for me,
you could've easily refused.
That's why I asked the prince to help me.
If the prince was the one
handing you the slippers,
I knew that you
couldn't possibly refuse him.
[clock-tower bell rings]
How do you know for sure?
What?
How do you know
that the slipper on my left foot
and that broken right-foot slipper
are the correct pair?
Aren't they both glass slippers?
You haven't proved anything.
I think that you switched
the slippers secretly
so you could frame me for the murder.
That makes the most sense.
[clock-tower bell rings]
Cinderella,
the fact that the slipper fits you
means that you're the killer.
[clock-tower bell rings]
[magical chimes tinkle]
[gasps] What the heck?
Oh my gosh.
[suspenseful music playing]
You're right.
I did it all.
I'm the murderer.
I'm the one.
I'm the one who killed Hans.
Hey, tell me, Red Riding Hood.
How did you know that I buried
those slippers in the pigeon's grave?
You know better than anyone
that people only want
to see what's beautiful.
So you buried it in the pigeon's grave,
because you knew no one
cared about an ugly, dead pigeon.
You understand,
more than anyone in the world,
how the people here think.
I just thought that it was
a really good hiding place.
It sure was.
It was actually the perfect hiding place.
[grunts]
[panting]
[suspenseful music continues]
I should've known.
I've been unlucky my whole life.
I wish I had never met you.
Cinderella.
Prince Gilbert.
You don't have to mean it, but
can you tell me once more?
Please just tell me one more time.
Tell you what?
That I'm very,
very beautiful.
You are very…
disappointing.
[somber music playing]
[sobbing]
Take her.
[man] Yes, sir.
[Chamberlain] Prince.
Red Riding Hood, thank you.
Because of your help,
we were able to solve the case.
Oh, are you sure?
What?
There's one other little problem
that we need to solve, Prince Gilbert.
There's something else?
Don't you want
to discuss your future princess?
Even though you chose Cinderella
at the ball, you can't be with a murderer.
Right.
That doesn't matter now.
Even if Cinderella
hadn't been a lying criminal,
I still wouldn't have chosen her
to be my princess.
Oh?
You seemed to enjoy
her company at the ball.
Hmm. I had to dance with someone.
I wanted to make my father happy,
at least for a bit.
Ah. You're quite the heartbreaker.
Well, I do apologize for that.
But I… I already found
the person that I want.
So, about this person…
There was a strange sort of coincidence.
Miss Remi, why do you think
she actually disappeared a year ago?
Do you really think
that was the king's fault?
I don't think there's another explanation.
When I investigated Mr. Hans's house,
I found a bunch of old blood stains.
What are you saying?
That Remi was attacked by Mr. Hans.
[mysterious music playing]
[sighs]
I saw it.
A lock of hair
that clearly belonged to Remi.
I think when Hans was attacking Remi,
she fought back fiercely.
[Remi gasping]
-[grunting]
-[laughing]
Remi would've had a huge scar on her face,
so she disappeared.
Why though?
How could she decide
to run away like that?
I would still love her
with a scar on her face.
The problem is this country.
What?
In this country, the most important thing
is to be beautiful.
And the princess
to the prince of such a country
would need to be especially beautiful.
With such a deep cut on her face,
Remi didn't
think she was beautiful enough for you.
And that's why she chose to disappear.
Do you agree?
Who are you?
Remi.
Remi,
I've been looking for you.
I looked everywhere for you!
I don't deserve
such kind words
from someone like you anymore.
An ugly woman with a disfigured face…
doesn't deserve to be with a prince.
-You know that's not who I am.
-I can't!
You're a prince and you deserve better.
Someone who's beautiful.
Please, Your Majesty.
Forget about me.
Remi,
don't say that.
[gasps]
Excuse me.
Would it be all right if I said something?
Remi,
on the day of the ball,
when you saw the prince
sitting on the hill,
why did you spend
two whole hours watching him?
Well, because…
I think it's because you're
still in love with the prince.
Isn't that right?
That's why, even though you disappeared,
you've still been watching
the prince from a distance.
And to make sure no one noticed,
you transformed yourself
and made yourself ugly.
[emotional music playing]
Remi.
You're still so beautiful.
And I'm in love with you.
Oh, Gilbert.
[uplifting music playing]
THANK YOU
Little Red Riding Hood,
thank you so very much.
It was my pleasure.
Prince Gilbert and Remi,
it's so wonderful
that the king approves of this.
We have you to thank.
You showed us what's important.
Love's the only thing that matters.
Thank you.
I wish you happiness.
Now then, I'll be on my way.
[narrator] And that is how Cinderella
and Little Red Riding Hood's story
came to an end.
I'll miss you, Detective!
[narrator] But it was
just one of many stories.
Red Riding Hood's life
will have many more tales
full of adventure and magic.
-[snapping sound]
-Ah! Ah! Ay! [groans]
Oh, these thorns again.
[groans]
I guess
lots of things that are beautiful
also have thorns.
[upbeat music in Japanese playing]